                          Length
predictions               4188  
num.trees                    1  
num.independent.variables    1  
mtry                         1  
min.node.size                1  
prediction.error             1  
forest                       8  
splitrule                    1  
treetype                     1  
r.squared                    1  
call                         9  
importance.mode              1  
num.samples                  1  
replace                      1  
xNames                     132  
problemType                  1  
tuneValue                    3  
obsLevels                    1  
param                        0  
                          Class        
predictions               -none-       
num.trees                 -none-       
num.independent.variables -none-       
mtry                      -none-       
min.node.size             -none-       
prediction.error          -none-       
forest                    ranger.forest
splitrule                 -none-       
treetype                  -none-       
r.squared                 -none-       
call                      -none-       
importance.mode           -none-       
num.samples               -none-       
replace                   -none-       
xNames                    -none-       
problemType               -none-       
tuneValue                 data.frame   
obsLevels                 -none-       
param                     -none-       
                          Mode     
predictions               numeric  
num.trees                 numeric  
num.independent.variables numeric  
mtry                      numeric  
min.node.size             numeric  
prediction.error          numeric  
forest                    list     
splitrule                 character
treetype                  character
r.squared                 numeric  
call                      call     
importance.mode           character
num.samples               numeric  
replace                   logical  
xNames                    character
problemType               character
tuneValue                 list     
obsLevels                 logical  
param                     list     
